Talent without virtue
Where did this start?
Your Majesty favors the harem
Chromaticity is also
I favor the harem
What kind of crime?
Could it be that I will die alone?
Let the big fish die?
Then you can't let the harem do me
I have always been the prime minister in charge of the imperial court
I rarely ask
How to say harem liver disease
Even if the harem doesn't have liver disease
His Majesty invented the artillery network
Torture such as zero magnetism in the vegetable basin is also the work of Yunjun
Have you ever seen this big fish?
Has anyone used these tortures?
If you tell me, I will punish him.
Li Feng, the former Minister of the Ministry of Household Affairs, was tortured by His Majesty
Li Feng exiled to the frontier
So that thousands of people could see him
Have you ever
Did you see any signs of torture on him?
It seems not.
Even without these
You robbed the mother
At this time, the concubine threw herself into the river and committed suicide, is it always true?
Nonsense
When have I ever done something like this?
This is well known all over the world
You can't deny it
In your eyes, is the princess already dead?
Naturally dead
Princess Su Haixuan
Princess Xuan
Introduce
This is the princess you call
That's not possible.
You must be looking for anyone to lie to us.
Full of nonsense
You ask this Manchu Dynasty civil and military
Is he a princess?
Why did you hit someone?